Add description for TiKV Ready handled panel (#6375)
pingcap/docs: grafana-tikv-dashboard.md

## Raft process

- Ready handled: The number of handled ready operations per type per second

>     - count: The number of handled ready operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - count: The number of handled ready operations per second
```

>     - has_ready_region: The number of Regions who have ready

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - has_ready_region: The number of Regions that have ready per second
```

>     - pending_region: The operations of the Region being checked whether has ready. This metric is deprecated since v3.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - pending_region: The operations per second of the Regions being checked for whether it has ready. This metric is deprecated since v3.0.0
```

>     - message: The number of messages that each ready operation contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - message: The number of messages per second that each ready operation contains
```

>     - message: The number of messages that each ready operation contains.

Author: ```suggestion
    - message: The number of messages that each ready operation contains
```

>     - message: The number of messages per second that each ready operation contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - message: The number of messages that the ready operations per second contain
```

>     - append: The number of Raft log entry that each ready operation contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - append: The number of Raft log entries that the ready operations per second contain
```

>     - commit: The number of committed Raft log entry that each ready operation contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - commit: The number of committed Raft log entries that the ready operations per second contain
```

>     - snapshot: The number of snapshots that each ready operation contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - snapshot: The number of snapshots that the ready operations per second contains
```
